<!--
# license: Copyright © 2011-2016 MOLPay Sdn Bhd. All Rights Reserved. 
-->

# molpay-mobile-xdk-ios

This is the complete and functional MOLPay iOS payment module that is ready to be implemented into Xcode (V7+ recommended) application project as a MOLPayXDK framework. An example application project (MOLPayXDKExample.xcodeproj) is provided for MOLPayXDK framework integration reference.

## Recommended configurations

    - Xcode version: 7 ++
    
    - Minimum target version: iOS 7

## Installation

    Step 1 - Drag and drop MOLPayXDK.bundle and MOLPayXDK.framework into the application project folder to perform all imports. Please copy both files into the project.
    
    Step 2 - Add #import <MOLPayXDK/MOLPayLib.h>
    
    Step 3 - Add <MOLPayLibDelegate> to @interface
    
    Step 4 - Add -(void)transactionResult:(NSDictionary *)result for all delegate callbacks
    
    Step 5 - Add 'App Transport Security Settings > Allow Arbitrary Loads > YES' to the application project info.plist

## Prepare the Payment detail object

    NSDictionary * paymentRequestDict = @{
        // Mandatory String. A value more than '1.00'
        @"mp_amount": @"1.10",
    
        // Mandatory String. Values obtained from MOLPay
        @"mp_username": @"username",
        @"mp_password": @"password",
        @"mp_merchant_ID": @"merchantid",
        @"mp_app_name": @"appname",
        @"mp_verification_key": @"vkey123",
    
        // Mandatory String. Payment values
        @"mp_order_ID": @"orderid123",
        @"mp_currency": @"MYR",
        @"mp_country": @"MY",
        
        // Optional String.
        @"mp_channel": @"multi", // Use 'multi' for all available channels option. For individual channel seletion, please refer to "Channel Parameter" in "Channel Lists" in the MOLPay API Spec for Merchant pdf. 
        @"mp_bill_description": @"billdesc",
        @"mp_bill_name": @"billname",
        @"mp_bill_email": @"email@domain.com",
        @"mp_bill_mobile": @"+1234567",
        @"mp_channel_editing": [NSNumber numberWithBool:NO], // Option to allow channel selection.
        @"mp_editing_enabled": [NSNumber numberWithBool:NO], // Option to allow billing information editing.
    
        // Optional for Escrow
        @"mp_is_escrow": @"0", // Put "1" to enable escrow
    
        // Optional for credit card BIN restrictions
        @"mp_bin_lock": [NSArray arrayWithObjects:@"414170", @"414171", nil], 
        @"mp_bin_lock_err_msg": @"Only UOB allowed"
        
        // For transaction request use only, do not use this on payment process
        @"mp_transaction_id": @"", // Optional, provide a valid cash channel transaction id here will display a payment instruction screen.
        @"mp_request_type": @"" // Optional, set 'Status' when performing a transactionRequest
    };

## Start the payment module

    MOLPayLib mp = [[MOLPayLib alloc] initWithDelegate:self andPaymentDetails:paymentRequestDict];

## Show the payment UI

    [self presentViewController:mp animated:NO completion:nil];

## Close the payment module

    [mp closemolpay];
    
    * Note: The host application needs to implement the MOLPay payment module manually upon getting a final callback from the close event.

## Payment module callback

    - (void)transactionResult: (NSDictionary *)result
    
    =========================================
    Sample transaction result in JSON string:
    =========================================
    
    {"status_code":"11","amount":"1.01","chksum":"34a9ec11a5b79f31a15176ffbcac76cd","pInstruction":0,"msgType":"C6","paydate":1459240430,"order_id":"3q3rux7dj","err_desc":"","channel":"Credit","app_code":"439187","txn_ID":"6936766"}
    
    Parameter and meaning:
    
    "status_code" - "00" for Success, "11" for Failed, "22" for *Pending. 
    (*Pending status only applicable to cash channels only)
    "amount" - The transaction amount
    "paydate" - The transaction date
    "order_id" - The transaction order id
    "channel" - The transaction channel description
    "txn_ID" - The transaction id generated by MOLPay
    
    * Notes: You may ignore other parameters and values not stated above
    
    =====================================
    * Sample error result in JSON string:
    =====================================
    
    {"Error":"Communication Error"}
    
    Parameter and meaning:
    
    "Communication Error" - Error starting a payment process due to several possible reasons, please contact MOLPay support should the error persists.
    1) Internet not available
    2) API credentials (username, password, merchant id, verify key)
    3) MOLPay server offline.

## Cash channel payment process (How does it work?)

    This is how the cash channels work on XDK:
    
    1) The user initiate a cash payment, upon completed, the XDK will pause at the “Payment instruction” screen, the results would return a pending status.
    
    2) The user can then click on “Close” to exit the MOLPay XDK aka the payment screen.
    
    3) When later in time, the user would arrive at say 7-Eleven to make the payment, the host app then can call the XDK again to display the “Payment Instruction” again, then it has to pass in all the payment details like it will for the standard payment process, only this time, the host app will have to also pass in an extra value in the payment details, it’s the “mp_transaction_id”, the value has to be the same transaction returned in the results from the XDK earlier during the completion of the transaction. If the transaction id provided is accurate, the XDK will instead show the “Payment Instruction" in place of the standard payment screen.
    
    4) After the user done the paying at the 7-Eleven counter, they can close and exit MOLPay XDK by clicking the “Close” button again.

## Transaction request service (Optional, NOT required for payment process)

    Step 1 - Prepare the Payment detail object, 
    set @"mp_request_type": @"Status"
    
    Step 2 - Start the payment module, 
    MOLPayLib mp = [[MOLPayLib alloc] initWithDelegate:self andPaymentDetails:paymentRequestDict];
    
    * Notes: The transaction request can process without showing the UI.

## Support

Submit issue to this repository or email to our support@molpay.com

Merchant Technical Support / Customer Care : support@molpay.com<br>
Sales/Reseller Enquiry : sales@molpay.com<br>
Marketing Campaign : marketing@molpay.com<br>
Channel/Partner Enquiry : channel@molpay.com<br>
Media Contact : media@molpay.com<br>
R&D and Tech-related Suggestion : technical@molpay.com<br>
Abuse Reporting : abuse@molpay.com